India is a prosperous country with 29 states and 7 Union territories. Every state of this country has a unique charm, a unique history and a unique culture, which makes it stand apart from the rest. One needs more than a lifetime to explore all the states of India as they offer a wide spectrum of tourism possibilities. 

Andhra Pradesh

Cladding the south-eastern coast of India, Andhra Pradesh is the 4th biggest state of India. The state enjoys a rich history and remains a significant Buddhist centre as well.

Assam

The spectacular gateway to North-East India, Assam remains the most beautiful state of India. The state has a wealth of nature which is untouched and unexplored.


Bihar

Culturally rich and historically flamboyant, Bihar is a prosperous Indian state. The state has a deep association with Buddhism and Jainism, which lure numerous pilgrims from all over the world. It is home to the holiest Bodhi Tree under which Prince Siddhartha meditated to attain enlightenment.


Chhattisgarh

The newly formed state of Chhattisgarh remains an astonishing destination to plan your holiday in India. The state offers you a perfect fusion of tribes, history, nature and wildlife, leaving you longing for more.


Goa

Beautifully tucked into the Western coast of India, Goa is though the smallest Indian state, its larger than life spirit makes its big. With some of the most beautiful beaches weaved together, it is the real beach paradise of India welcoming travellers from all over the world.


Gujarat

Known for its majestic forts and palaces, breathtaking national parks and holiest shrines -Gujarat is the sixth largest state of India. Locals of this culturally rich state are deeply rooted to their traditions and follow their religion by heart.


Haryana

‘The Abode of God’, the state of Haryana is ideal to walk through some majestic places dripping in the waters of spirituality. The state has a legendary history which clearly shows in the cities dotted here. It is beautifully set in the foothills of Aravalli, which add to its natural exquisiteness.


Himachal Pradesh

With stunning snowy peaks and rising and falling river valleys, Himachal Pradesh remains the most popular adventure holiday destination in Indiaread more...


Jammu and Kashmir

A pure heaven on earth, Jammu and Kashmir, a northern Indian state, is perhaps an ideal destination to delve into the wonders of Mother Nature. The scenic landscapes and snow-capped mountains of this state make every human soul fall in love with it.


Jharkhand

The Land of Forests, Jharkhand is a beautiful haven for nature lovers. Visit here to delve into its imposing hills, beautiful waterfalls, rich greenery and vibrant culture. Jharkhand has earned great popularity due to the dominant tribal population residing here. The state houses 32 tribes, including Munda, Santhal, Oraon, Kharia, Gond, Kol, etc.


Karnataka

A tapestry of vivid cultures, history, flavours, landscapes and dance forms – Karnataka wins the hearts of millions with its majestic aura. The state houses 507 of the 3600 centrally protected monuments in the country.


Kerala

Rightly called the God’s Own Country, Kerala is the most beautiful Indian state known for its laidback culture and bounty of nature. Visit here and you will be showered with palm-fringed backwaters, authentic art and architecture, rejuvenating spas and striking wildlife.


Madhya Pradesh

The very heart of India, Madhya Pradesh brings to you a tapestry of vistas which include royal forts, overwhelming topography, exciting wildlife and ancient caves and temples.	


Maharashtra

Maharashtra brings a beautiful contrast of attractions which lures travellers of all age groups and likes to this majestic Indian state. From the city of dreams Mumbai to some enchanting hill stations like Mahabaleshwar, Lonavala and Khandala, there is absolutely no dearth of temptations in Maharashtra.


Manipur

Manipur, often termed as ‘Switzerland of India’, is a blissful gem of North East India. The beauty of Manipur is soul captivating. You witness every facade of Mother Nature here, including dense forests, rolling hills and far stretched emerald tea gardens.


Meghalaya

Dividing the Assam valley from the plains of Bangladesh, Meghalaya remains one the most priceless gems of North East India which is loved for its diverse natural beauty.


Mizoram

A lesser known gem of North-Eastern India, Mizoram is far away from the fake layers of glitz and glamour. The state has been blessed by the almighty with a diverse range of topography which gives human soul an opportunity to explore the unexplored.


Nagaland

Nagaland, adorned with uncountable hills, is a sheer pleasure for those visiting North East India. It has an unworldly vibe that lets every human soul unwind to the core. From dramatic head dresses of the locals to great taste in food, from vibrancy in festivals to some unseen traditions – this state has something for everyone.


Odisha

The tribal state of India, Odisha is all about nature vistas drenched into history. Visit here and get amazed by the incredible architecture of this state.


Punjab

The most vibrant and happy state of India, Punjab is known as ‘The land of five rivers’. This is the most fertile Indian state where one can see far stretched expanses of farmland. The locals of Punjab (Punjabis) mostly belong to the Sikh community where men can be seen wearing flamboyant turbans and women in colourful suits.


Rajasthan

The land of Rajas and Maharajas, Rajasthan is a priceless jewel in the crown of India. The state takes you on an unforgettable ride on the sands of time where you explore some unheard stories about rich Indian history when India was called the Golden Sparrow.


Sikkim

Cuddled affectionately by the majestic Himalayas, Sikkim lies in the North Eastern part of India. The state is known for uncountable tiny monasteries which add vivid colours to its outlook .


Tamil Nadu

The emerald gem adding sheer elegance to the crown of South India, Tamil Nadu brings to you a mix of lures which excite people of all likes and age groups. The state showcases the best of art, culture and religion which are unseen and unmatched.


Tripura

Tripura is one of the Seven Sister States in northeast India. It casts a beautiful image with its cultural heritage, architectural splendour and overwhelming charm. Visit here and get awe-struck by its stunning mountains, pristine lakes and ancient temples other than a rich variety of wildlife.


Telangana

Telangana is a newly made Indian state founded on 2 June, 2014. It was earlier part of Andhra Pradesh only. The most majestic lure of Telangana remains Hyderabad housing some splendid domes and minarets of prehistoric mosques, mausoleums and fortress.


Uttar Pradesh

Rightly called the ‘Heartland of India’, Uttar Pradesh is known for boasting a flamboyant cultural heritage. It is a land of rich historical tales, it is a land of varied hues of cultures blending together, it is a land of diverse religions, and it is a land of delectable mix of aromatic food.


Uttarakhand

Nestling with enchanting vistas of the majestic Himalayas, Uttarakhand is a wonderful gift of nature where you can rejuvenate and refuel. Uttarakhand’s natural facades are jaw dropping. From pristine rivers to high rising mountains, from rich wildlife to far stretched landscapes – this heaven on earth has enough charms to keep you hooked forever.


West Bengal

One of the most culturally rich states of India, West Bengal is all about blissful Baul music, women dressed in white and red saris, striped Bengal tiger, views of gigantic Khangchendzonga, a legendary history and some jaw dropping modern day wonders.